# shaka_revolution
Do you feel it too?

Net Neutrality was repealed in the US on 14 Dec 2017 by an FCC ruling. It has broadcasted as a boon to competition between internet service providers, but the reality does not fit the explanation:

https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Ftransition.fcc.gov%2FDaily_Releases%2FDaily_Business%2F2017%2Fdb1214%2FDOC-348261A2.pdf&h=ATMxA58Ql-YJJfa42r4iQN5Dv9PfJVBGeApn6LTimVfvuf2qyKnt6-AKJYIi1jT07KlPaAm00BSFZjLEv1n43JIsQIr4A-eM8WK5ybesWbFvutcrGdOEvcpoPnP-1zfVMSX_VE3kZnIrJDtPbPXixHDCCNfCsjY_Mlp1bvkRgmg7CElA6-2B3H4q_ubT3l73JIfAme6_TFKs2HfRccJhxWHrB5IX-ANbbSsGiNJJ1k6Sdns5fwmZKTcDx2BV4AGt1xrgpsE2v_NRlEXNV4WATRs1Fv0SGy22X1Ga7PMw

This is not a battle between Republicans and Democrats; it is a battle between the will of the people and those few who have an interest in keeping us quiet. It has always been this way, although it used to be less noticeable. The Shaka Revolution is about building the world in which we all want to live. We are coming to realize that the United States is so much less of a democracy than it is made out to be. The will of the people is ignored, dismissed as a dictatorship of the majority, and the growing apathy as a result is more contagious, but increasingly more dangerous. We are moving quickly into a time in which this information we take for granted and the tools that enable its dissemination become the foundation of a new kind of society, one based on social good. In this world we will find that freedom of information is like water, a basic human right, without which we will suffer the death of the human spirit just as without water we will suffer the death of humanity.

The issue I want to focus on is the separation between market-driven value and value based on human need (i.e. water, education, information). We have a method of creating currency with Bitcoin and now we need to connect this currency, the way in which it is created and the cost of goods purchased with it, with value in the real world. How are we going to quantify value in terms of social good?
